what's up people are going to teach what is my
favorite trick in the subject I like
I hope to do it can be extended
you want and have some reactions
tremendous we have here is
whale has letters inside but of
moment we leave
You are going to tell me a letter that you
want
let's say the 3 of diamonds
and if I tell you that the 3 of diamonds
is here turned around because I 've
I read the mind before and I knew I was going to
choose that let's see what diamond
to remove them
three diamond diamonds
and we have the 3 diamond well
you do not know this deck or if you do not know
the trick
the trick is called the invisible deck
because as more he does in public and
answering is obviously
I take this I stay for me as it is
with the cards in the deck and them
I give you this deck
it's not a game
and they are doing what you say
says come shuffle the cards if you want
Choose a letter to the letter that you most
like to turn it around and tell me wallet and
if I tell you that that letter is there
turned around then and goes through the
for the cards and this is the turn
as it is done with the deck that comes what
I have here
how it looks
and tone
instructions when throwing
of how to use it but the
the letter are stuck from behind or either
have a
a special thing from a spray of some
I do not remember that guy was
but while if you pass slightly by
here
you do not notice that there are two letters but if
you squeeze a little
Well yes it shows
and the way to know where each is
letter well then I always have the
energy letter so let's go on this side
all pairs are valid and in others
sides so odd and I always have
the pairs towards this side
you have to
that your subtract the number that you have
said of 13 for example
He said 3 to 3 of diamonds as
three minus 13 are 10 so I've
had to look here for the 10 of clubs
and I look for them separated there and I have the 3
how it goes against the sticks, look like
the hearts looks a bit like the
picas because heart is always stuck with
picas vale and those that remain then the
Shamrocks are stuck with diamond vale
the letter
is the lackey j and the k
the j is 11 the vat of 12 and the cause
the king is worth 13 salt the kings always
they are glued to each other by it
add up 13
in the
the queens are glued with the gases
how is one worth and the jack goes to employees
with the twelve
with 0-3 and then the others and 10 goes
with 3
in the 4 of the pib clover stuck with the 9
of diamonds the 8 diamond is stuck
with the 5 of clubs and so on
a super simple trick to do the only thing
you need this deck but it's very
cheap to buy osa osa
whatever my name is in the united states and
I was worth every one I bought and more
valuable 6 dollars or 2 has been a thing
for five euros
I'll leave a link
of a page I do not know if you will know it
called amazon and there I will be able to
find a multitude of things not only from
letters but of the entire book movies
music small appliances mp3
ipod wishes
and nothing tell me what you thought if
have you seen any physical store in
madrid where
where they sell it tell me and that I
I would also like to take a look at
those stores and nothing or see the next
video see you later